# apurbaanik.github.io
Lab #7 - Creating a coding portfolio using HTML and CSS. 

In this lab, I am creating a personal portfolio website using HTML and CSS language. This was one of the most interesting projects I have ever worked on and I always wanted to make a website for me. With this lab, I got the opportunity to learn HTML and CSS, and implement and customize my website.

This repository contains index.html, style.css, and a couple of pictures(jpg) for the website. My portfolio has 5 sections - About, Projects, Resume, Social, and a Contact. I also have a navigation bar on top so that users can easily look around the site. I found using HTML and CSS are similar to java because I can declare a class or an id to an HTML section, and can call it on a CSS file for customization. Since it was my first time working with HTML and CSS, it was fascinating to make a website from Scratch. First, with HTML, I designed the contents that I want in my website, and then with CSS, I was able to style it and make it colorful by adding pictures, icons, & different fonts with colors. For the fonts, I imported the OpenSans library from google fonts, and for the icons, I imported the Font Awesome library. The hard part was to do the project section because I included 4 projects in my site, and for each, I added a picture and each has a different link to showcase the project on Github. So when a user clicks wants to see the project, they can click either on the picture or the name and it will take the user to a Github page for more information. I also added blank content for target in HTML, so that it will open the webpage with a new tab. To host my website online, I am using the GitHub page and the link for the site is - https://apurbaanik.github.io/. 

There is always room for improvement and as a beginner, I will be continuously learning about different open source and techniques I can add to my website. I am also planning to add a new section for my work experience and skills and that will make my portfolio complete. I am also learning about different animations I can do with CSS and I will be able to implement them in my website. This was one of the best projects I have worked on and it will be helpful for me to showcase this portfolio website when I will be applying for internships. 
